# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

##Reflection
* Responsive web design is the practice of designing a website that adapts to any screen size. For example, a single website should be able to be viewed on a laptop, tablet, and smart phone, with all of the important content rendering properly. I do like it, although it can be somewhat confusing to know where to begin when designing this way. However, it is good practice because it helps make your site accessible to anybody on any device. If done properly, a responsive site will adapt to new screen sizes and devices that haven't even been released/designed.
* Most people expect to be able to visit a website on their phone or tablet now, and to be able to read/navigate/use the site easily. Because of this, web designers have been forced to adapt their approach to building website to accommodate these various devices. In the future, there will likely be even more ways that users will be able to access a website (e.g. smart watches, google glass), and the best websites will automatically adjust to give users the best possible experience.
* The visually impaired often use readers which can read the content of a web page aloud to them. This include headlines, articles, and even the alt text of images. It is extremely important that websites are designed properly so that people with disabilities can access and use the sites in ways which work for them. This include websites that account for users with visual, auditory, and physical impairments.
* Responsive web design certainly makes sense in terms of displaying information to users in the simplest and best ways possible. However, with the current practice of using media queries, it seems that there could be no end to the various layouts and displays that can be accounted for. I'm confident that in the future, a new system of best practices will be developed which will simplify this process, but for now, thinking in terms of media queries can cover quite a large number of scenarios.
* [Mediaqueri.es](http://mediaqueri.es/ "Media Queries")